lambda-bash/README.md, before:

Example `Containerfile` and `function.sh` script for an AWS lambda function using `Bash`. Read below for details on customising this for your needs.

## Containerfile

To keep things simple, I'm downloading and unpacking the `aws-cli` package within the container. This could be done separately with only the install files copied into the container. This would allow you to avoid installing `unzip` if it isn't required for any other purpose. The space savings from not installing `unzip` are minimal and it would add another script as a dependency to this one. 

However if you need to security scan the package prior to install, then separately downloading and extracting the files should be done outside of the steps within the `Containerfile`. 

### 1. Get the image
I'm pulling the image from AWS's public registry. Change this if you have a local repo.

For this example, I'm using the AWS bootstrap code with no changes.
```
# 1.
# First we get the base image
FROM public.ecr.aws/lambda/provided:latest

# Copy bootstrap
WORKDIR /var/runtime/
COPY bootstrap bootstrap
RUN chmod 755 bootstrap
```

### 2. Copy your code
The example file uses only a single `function.sh` file. Add any additional scripts in this section.
```
# 2.
# Copy function script. Must be executable
WORKDIR /var/task/
COPY function.sh function.sh
RUN chmod 755 function.sh
```
### 3. Add the tools you need.
The baseline amazonlinux container comes without some very common tools. `jq` is a notable absence and any function dealing with files will probably need `gzip` or `unzip` at the very least. Add any tools which can be installed via dnf in this section.
```
# 3.
# Install any tools you need via dnf
RUN dnf --nodocs install -y gzip unzip jq
```

### 4. Add the AWS cli.
If you don't need the `aws-cli` then remove this section, it will save you a _lot_ of room (AWS ECR charges you for image storage, so smaller is better). The example file has the url for the x86_64 architecture executable. Change this url if you plan on deploying the container on a graviton based instance. There are currently no space optimising install options. If they do become available, add them to the install command line.
```
# 4.
# Download and install AWS CLI
WORKDIR /tmp
RUN curl "https://awscli.amazonaws.com/awscli-exe-linux-x86_64.zip" -o awscliv2.zip && \
unzip -u awscliv2.zip
# install
RUN ./aws/install --bin-dir /usr/local/bin --install-dir /usr/local/aws-cli
# clean up
RUN rm -rf /tmp/aws && rm -f /tmp/awscliv2.zip
```

### 5. The handler
You can change the handler name if you wish. Bear in mind that you'll need to ensure that your file is copied to the correct name in [step 2](#2-copy-your-code). Most people will not need to make any changes here.
```
# 5.
# Set the handler
# by convention <fileName>.<handlerName>
WORKDIR /var/task
ENTRYPOINT ["/lambda-entrypoint.sh"]
CMD [ "function.handler" ]
```
## Build the container
All examples use `podman`, but you can can use `docker` with all steps if you have that installed. Note the `arch` option. If you're building for Graviton instances, use `arch=arm64`.
```Bash
FUNCNAME=funcwmyhart
podman build --arch=amd64 -t ${FUNCNAME} -f /pathto/Containerfile
```
## Upload to AWS
Replace the command below with your region and your account. The command below will use your `~/.aws/config` or `~/.aws/credentials` files for authentication. DO NOT PUT ANY CREDENTIALS INTO A SCRIPT! The most convenient method of authentication will be _IAMRolesAnywhere_ when not building within AWS or using an instance role when building within AWS. 
```bash
MYACCOUNT=1234567890
MYREGION="nn-moonbase-1"
aws ecr get-login-password --region ${MYREGION} | \
podman login --username AWS --password-stdin ${MYACCOUNT}.dkr.ecr.${MYREGION}.amazonaws.com
```
We need to tag the container
```bash
podman tag ${FUNCNAME}:latest \
${MYACCOUNT}.dkr.ecr.${MYREGION}.amazonaws.com/${FUNCNAME}:latest
```
Then we upload. This may take a few minutes depending on upload bandwidth and if you're really using moonbase-1, grab a large coffee while you wait.
```bash
podman push \
${MYACCOUNT}.dkr.ecr.${MYREGION}.amazonaws.com/${FUNCNAME}:latest
```
## Run the lambda
The example function should be triggered by an S3 put event. The source bucket doesnt matter. Make sure the lambda function has permissions to fetch the object.

Commit message:

Improve clarity regarding source of bootstrap file Clean up response variable usage Add some notes to function handler

lambda-bash/README.md, after:

Example `Containerfile` and `function.sh` script for an AWS lambda function using `Bash`. Read below for details on customising this for your needs.

## bootstrap
I've included AWS' `bootstrap` file in this repository without changes. If you do customise this file or write your own, then you may need to make additional changes to the function definition.

## Containerfile

To keep things simple, I'm downloading and unpacking the `aws-cli` package within the container. This could be done separately with only the install files copied into the container. This would allow you to avoid installing `unzip` if it isn't required for any other purpose. The space savings from not installing `unzip` are minimal and it would add another script as a dependency to this one. 

However if you need to security scan the package prior to install, then separately downloading and extracting the files should be done outside of the steps within the `Containerfile`. 

### 1. Get the image
I'm pulling the image from AWS's public registry. Change this if you have a local repo.

For this example, I'm using the AWS bootstrap file from their documentation, with no changes.
```
# 1.
# First we get the base image
FROM public.ecr.aws/lambda/provided:latest

# Using a local copy of the AWS documented example bootstrap file
WORKDIR /var/runtime/
COPY bootstrap bootstrap
RUN chmod 755 bootstrap
```

### 2. Copy your code
The example file uses only a single `function.sh` file. Add any additional scripts in this section.
```
# 2.
# Copy function script. Must be executable
WORKDIR /var/task/
COPY function.sh function.sh
RUN chmod 755 function.sh
```
### 3. Add the tools you need.
The baseline amazonlinux container comes without some very common tools. `jq` is a notable absence and any function dealing with files will probably need `gzip` or `unzip` at the very least. Add any tools which can be installed via dnf in this section.
```
# 3.
# Install any tools you need via dnf
RUN dnf --nodocs install -y gzip unzip jq
```

### 4. Add the AWS cli.
If you don't need the `aws-cli` then remove this section, it will save you a _lot_ of room (AWS ECR charges you for image storage, so smaller is better). The example file has the url for the x86_64 architecture executable. Change this url if you plan on deploying the container on a graviton based instance. There are currently no space optimising install options. If they do become available, add them to the install command line.
```
# 4.
# Download and install AWS CLI
WORKDIR /tmp
RUN curl "https://awscli.amazonaws.com/awscli-exe-linux-x86_64.zip" -o awscliv2.zip && \
unzip -u awscliv2.zip
# install
RUN ./aws/install --bin-dir /usr/local/bin --install-dir /usr/local/aws-cli
# clean up
RUN rm -rf /tmp/aws && rm -f /tmp/awscliv2.zip
```

### 5. The handler
You can change the handler name if you wish. Bear in mind that you'll need to ensure that your file is copied to the correct name in [step 2](#2-copy-your-code). Most people will not need to make any changes here.
```
# 5.
# Set the handler
# by convention <fileName>.<handlerName>
WORKDIR /var/task
ENTRYPOINT ["/lambda-entrypoint.sh"]
CMD [ "function.handler" ]
```
## Build the container
All examples use `podman`, but you can can use `docker` with all steps if you have that installed. Note the `arch` option. If you're building for Graviton instances, use `arch=arm64`.
```Bash
FUNCNAME=funcwmyhart
podman build --arch=amd64 -t ${FUNCNAME} -f /pathto/Containerfile
```
## Upload to AWS
Replace the command below with your region and your account. The command below will use your `~/.aws/config` or `~/.aws/credentials` files for authentication. DO NOT PUT ANY CREDENTIALS INTO A SCRIPT! The most convenient method of authentication will be _IAMRolesAnywhere_ when not building within AWS or using an instance role when building within AWS. 
```bash
MYACCOUNT=1234567890
MYREGION="nn-moonbase-1"
aws ecr get-login-password --region ${MYREGION} | \
podman login --username AWS --password-stdin ${MYACCOUNT}.dkr.ecr.${MYREGION}.amazonaws.com
```
We need to tag the container
```bash
podman tag ${FUNCNAME}:latest \
${MYACCOUNT}.dkr.ecr.${MYREGION}.amazonaws.com/${FUNCNAME}:latest
```
Then we upload. This may take a few minutes depending on upload bandwidth and if you're really using moonbase-1, grab a large coffee while you wait.
```bash
podman push \
${MYACCOUNT}.dkr.ecr.${MYREGION}.amazonaws.com/${FUNCNAME}:latest
```
## Run the Lambda
The example function should be triggered by an S3 put event. Consider adding additional checks to validate the source bucket in the `handler` function. Make sure the Lambda function has permissions to fetch the object.
